W-19178578-rtf-fix-kt (#1559)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-install-tasks.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> For GKE customers, the ingress controller included with GKE will provision a separate HTTP load balancer per application by default. Please read this link:https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001121607&type=1[KB article] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GKE customers, the ingress controller included with GKE will provision a separate HTTP load balancer per application by default. See https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001121607&type=1[Default Ingress Controller Behavior with Runtime Fabric on GKE] for more details.
```
